MessageQueue
Library scope:	global
Named arguments:	supported
Introduction
Documentation for library MessageQueue.

Shortcuts
Clear Queue 路 Connect To Message Queue 路 Disconnect Message Queue 路 Get Message From Queue 路 Put Message To Queue
Keywords
Keyword	Arguments	Documentation
Clear Queue	session, queue_type, queue_name	
|Usage| To clear all messages from IBM or Active MQ

|Arguments|

'session' = the return value of the "Connect To Message Queue" keyword. It uses the connection reference to put message to the queue.

'queue_type' = It takes "IBM" or "Active" as argument in order to specify the queue type.

'queue_name' = Name of IBM MQ or Active MQ queue Example: Clear Queue ${var} Active sample.q

Connect To Message Queue	queue_type, host, port, user_name=None, password=None, queue_manager=None, channel=None	
|Usage| To create connection to the IBM MQ and Active MQ. It returns the session which can be used to putting, getting the message and clearing the queue.

|Arguments|

'queue_type' = It takes "IBM" or "Active" as argument in order to specify the queue type.

'host' = It takes the host name for the connection to the queue

'port' = It takes the port name for the connection to the queue

'user_name' = It takes the user name for the connection. This argument is mandatory for Active MQ but optional for IBM MQ.

'password' = It takes the password for the connection. This argument is mandatory for Active MQ but optional for IBM MQ.

'queue_manager' = Name of the queue manger used for IBM Connection only. It is mandatory for IBM MQ

'channel' = Name of the channel which is mandatory for IBM MQ only

Example: ${session} Connect To Message Queue Active ${host} ${port} user_Name=${user_name} password=${password} ${session} Connect To Message Queue IBM ${host} ${port} queue_manager=${queue_manager} channel=${channel}

Disconnect Message Queue	session	
|Usage| To Disconnect Active MQ or IBM MQ |Arguments|

'session' = the return value of the "Connect To Message Queue" keyword. It uses the connection reference to put message to the queue.

Example: Disconnect From Queue ${var}

Get Message From Queue	queue_type, queue_name, session, uniquemessageid=None, outputfilepath=None	
|Usage| To Get Message From Queue

Arguments
'queue_type' = It takes "IBM" or "Active" as argument in order to specify the queue type.

'queue_name' = Name of queue from which message would be retrieve"

'session' = The return value of the "Connect To Message Queue" keyword. It uses the connection reference to get message from the queue.

'uniquemessageid' [Optional] = It is an unique message id used to retrieve a particular message from queue. If not provided it returns the first message from the queue.

'outputfilepath' [Optional] = It is the filepath to which a retrieve message from the queue could be saved.

Example Test Cases
1. To Get The First Message From Active MQ Queue: |${session} | Connect To Message Queue | ACTIVE | ${host} | ${port} | user_Name=${user_Name} | password=${password} |${message} | Get Message From Queue | ACTIVE | SAMPLE.Q | ${session}

2. To Get The First Message From IBM MQ Queue: |${session} | Connect To Message Queue | IBM | ${host} | ${port} | queue_manager=${queue_manager} | channel=${channel} |${message} | Get Message From Queue | IBM | ADVISING | ${session}

3. To Get The Particular Message From Active MQ Queue Using UniqueuMessageID: |${session} | Connect To Message Queue | ACTIVE | ${host} | ${port} | user_Name=${user_Name} | password=${password} |${message} | Get Message From Queue | ACTIVE | SAMPLE.Q | ${session} | uniquemessageid="RefID = 00001"

4. To Get The Particular Message From IBM MQ Queue Using UniqueuMessageID: |${session} | Connect To Message Queue | IBM | ${host} | ${port} | queue_manager=${queue_manager} | channel=${channel} |${message} | Get Message From Queue | IBM | ADVISING | ${session} | uniquemessageid="RefID = 00001"

Note: If "uniquemessageid" not provided as an argument to this keyword, it returns the first message from the queue.

Put Message To Queue	session, queue_type, queue_name, inputfilepath, headers=None	
|Usage| To put message to the queue.

|Arguments|

'session' = the return value of the "Connect To Message Queue" keyword. It uses the connection reference to put message to the queue.

'queue_type' = It takes "IBM" or "Active" as argument in order to specify the queue type.

'queue_name' = Name of IBM MQ or Active MQ queue

'inputfilepath' = file path of the message Example: ${session} Connect To Message Queue IBM ${host} ${port} queue_manager=${queue_manager} channel=${channel} Put Message To Queue ${session} IBM ${queue_name} ${inputfilepath}

Altogether 5 keywords.
Generated by Libdoc on 2020-02-13 14:33:26.

